Statement: The Board of Directors of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers adopted this Code of Ethics to which it expects that the professional conduct of its members shall conform, and to which every applicant attests by signing his or her membership application.
Code: DISCARD (general/tautological)

Statement: Members of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers shall uphold and advance the integrity, honor and dignity of the engineering profession
Code: Respectability

Statement: by: being honest and impartial
Code: Falsehood

Statement: and serving with fidelity their employers, their clients, and the public;
Code: Duty to others

Statement: striving to increase the competence and prestige of the engineering profession;
Code: Respectability

Statement: and using their knowledge and skill for the enhancement of human welfare.
Code: Duty to others

Statement: To achieve these goals, members shall:
Code: DISCARD (general/tautological)

Statement: Hold paramount the safety, health and welfare of the public
Code: Safety
Code: Duty to others

Statement: and protect the environment in performance of their professional duties.
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: Formally advise their employers or clients (and consider further disclosure, if warranted) if they perceive that a consequence of their duties will adversely affect the present or future health or safety of their colleagues or the public.
Code: Duty to others
Code: Reporting
Code: Counsel

Statement: Accept responsibility for their actions,
Code: Responsibility

Statement: seek and heed critical review of their work and offer objective criticism of the work of others.
Code: Oversight

Statement: Issue statements or present information only in an objective and truthful manner.
Code: Falsehood

Statement: Act in professional matters for each employer or client as faithful agents or trustees,
Code: Duty to others

Statement: avoiding conflicts of interest and never breaching confidentiality.
Code: Conflict of interest

Statement: Treat all colleagues and co-workers fairly and respectfully, recognizing their unique contributions and capabilities by fostering an environment of equity, diversity and inclusion.
Code: Duty to others
Code: Culture

Statement: Perform professional services only in areas of their competence.
Code: Competence

Statement: Build their professional reputations on the merits of their services.
Code: Falsehood
Code: Competence

Statement: Continue their professional development throughout their careers, and provide opportunities for the professional development of those under their supervision.
Code: Education

Statement: Never tolerate harassment.
Code: Harassment

Statement: Conduct themselves in a fair, honorable and respectful manner.
Code: Respect
Code: Fairness

Statement: Violations of this code of ethics should be reported promptly to the AIChE President or Executive Director.
Code: Reporting

-----
Total (ordered by frequency):
Duty to others: 6
    - employers (3)
    - clients (3)
    - public/the community/humankind (3)
    - colleagues (1)
Falsehood: 3
Respectability: 2
Reporting: 2
Competence: 2
Safety: 1
Sustainability/environment: 1
Counsel: 1
Responsibility: 1
Oversight: 1
Conflict of interest: 1
Culture: 1
Education: 1
Harassment: 1
Respect: 1
Fairness: 1