Statement: The GDCh obligates itself and its members to defend freedom, tolerance, and truthfulness in science,
Code: Freedom
Code: Falsehood

Statement: notably to raise chemistry’s reputation
Code: Respectability

Statement: as well as to protect and increase chemical knowledge and know-how.
Code: Advance chemistry

Statement: All GDCh members are aware that they as natural scientists are notably responsible for the impact of their professional activities to mankind and nature.
Code: Duty to others
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: GDCh and its members support and promote a sustainable and enduring development in society, economy and environment.
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: They always act with the awareness of their responsibility for future generations.
Code: Duty to others

Statement: They respect the existing legal framework and international conventions for their professional activities, results, and impact
Code: Law-abiding

Statement: and they fight against misuse of chemistry, e.g. for production of chemical weapons or drugs.
Code: Dual use

Statement: During development, application and dissemination of chemical knowledge they are obliged to truth,
Code: Falsehood

Statement: and they do not use unfair practices.
Code: Fairness

Statement: Members who infringe these principles affect the prestige of science and the chemical profession.
Code: Respectability

Statement: They might be suspended from GDCh.
Code: Repercussions

Statement: The above code of conduct is an inherent part of the GDCh statutes.
Code: DISCARD (irrelevant)

Statement: While joining the Gesellschaft Deutscher Chemiker each new society member is signing this code of conduct.
Code: DISCARD (irrelevant)

-----
Total (ordered by frequency):
Freedom: 1
Falsehood: 2
Respectability: 2
Advance chemistry: 1
Duty to others:
    - public/the community/humankind (1)
    - nature (1)
    - future generations (1)
Sustainability/environment: 2
Law-abiding: 1
Dual use: 1
Fairness: 1
Repercussions: 1