Statement: The Key Elements: Achievements in the field of chemistry should be used to benefit humankind
Code: Duty to others

Statement: and protect the environment.
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: Sustainability: Chemistry practitioners have a special responsibility for promoting and achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: of meeting the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
Code: Duty to others

Statement: Education: Formal and informal educational providers, enterprise, industry and civil society should cooperate to equip anybody working in chemistry and others with the necessary knowledge and tools
Code: Education

Statement: to take responsibility for the benefit of humankind, the protection of the environment and to ensure relevant and meaningful engagement with the general public.
Code: Duty to others
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: Awareness and Engagement: Teachers, chemistry practitioners, and policymakers should be aware of the multiple uses of chemicals, specifically their use as chemical weapons or their precursors.
Code: Dual use

Statement: They should promote the peaceful applications of chemicals
Code: Peace

Statement: and work to prevent any misuse of chemicals, scientific knowledge, tools and technologies, and any harmful or unethical developments in research and innovation.
Code: Dual use

Statement: They should disseminate relevant information about national and international laws, regulations, policies and practices.
Code: Open exchange
Code: Law-abiding

Statement: Ethics: To adequately respond to societal challenges, education, research and innovation must respect fundamental rights and apply the highest ethical standards.
Code: Human rights

Statement: Ethics should be perceived as a way of ensuring high quality results in science.
Code: Advance chemistry
Code: Quality control

Statement: Safety and Security: Chemistry practitioners should promote the beneficial applications, uses, and development of science and technology while encouraging and maintaining a strong culture of safety, health, and security.
Code: Safety
Code: Security

Statement: Accountability: Chemistry practitioners have a responsibility to ensure that chemicals, equipment and facilities are protected against theft and diversion and are not used for illegal, harmful or destructive purposes.
Code: Security

Statement: These persons should be aware of applicable laws and regulations governing the manufacture and use of chemicals,
Code: Law-abiding

Statement: and they should report any misuse of chemicals, scientific knowledge, equipment and facilities to the relevant authorities.
Code: Reporting

Statement: Oversight: Chemistry practitioners who supervise others have the additional responsibility to ensure that chemicals, equipment and facilities are not used by those persons for illegal, harmful or destructive purposes.
Code: Security
Code: Oversight

Statement: Exchange of Information: Chemistry practitioners should promote the exchange of scientific and technical information relating to the development and application of chemistry for peaceful purposes.
Code: Peace
Code: Open exchange

-----
Total (ordered by frequency):
Duty to others: 3
    - public/the community/humankind (3)
    - future generations (1)
    - environment (1)
Sustainability/environment: 3
Security: 3
Dual use: 2
Peace: 2
Open exchange: 2
Law-abiding: 2
Education: 1
Human rights: 1
Advance chemistry: 1
Quality control: 1
Safety: 1
Reporting: 1
Oversight: 1