Statement: The Key Elements: Achievements in the field of chemistry should be used to benefit humankind
Code: Positive use

Statement: and protect the environment.
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: Sustainability: Chemistry practitioners have a special responsibility for promoting and achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: Education: Formal and informal educational providers, enterprise, industry and civil society should cooperate to equip anybody working in chemistry and others with the necessary knowledge and tools
Code: Education

Statement: to take responsibility for the benefit of humankind, the protection of the environment and to ensure relevant and meaningful engagement with the general public.
Code: Positive use
Code: Sustainability/environment

Statement: Awareness and Engagement: Teachers, chemistry practitioners, and policymakers should be aware of the multiple uses of chemicals, specifically their use as chemical weapons or their precursors.
Code: Positive use

Statement: They should promote the peaceful applications of chemicals
Code: Positive use

Statement: and work to prevent any misuse of chemicals, scientific knowledge, tools and technologies, and any harmful or unethical developments in research and innovation.
Code: Positive use

Statement: They should disseminate relevant information about national and international laws, regulations, policies and practices.
Code: Open exchange
Code: Law-abiding

Statement: Ethics: To adequately respond to societal challenges, education, research and innovation must respect fundamental rights and apply the highest ethical standards.
Code: Freedom
Code: Fairness/respect

Statement: Ethics should be perceived as a way of ensuring high quality results in science.
Code: Advance knowledge

Statement: Safety and Security: Chemistry practitioners should promote the beneficial applications, uses, and development of science and technology while encouraging and maintaining a strong culture of safety, health, and security.
Code: Positive use
Code: Safety

Statement: Accountability: Chemistry practitioners have a responsibility to ensure that chemicals, equipment and facilities are protected against theft and diversion and are not used for illegal, harmful or destructive purposes.
Code: Oversight

Statement: These persons should be aware of applicable laws and regulations governing the manufacture and use of chemicals,
Code: Law-abiding

Statement: and they should report any misuse of chemicals, scientific knowledge, equipment and facilities to the relevant authorities.
Code: Reporting

Statement: Oversight: Chemistry practitioners who supervise others have the additional responsibility to ensure that chemicals, equipment and facilities are not used by those persons for illegal, harmful or destructive purposes.
Code: Oversight

Statement: Exchange of Information: Chemistry practitioners should promote the exchange of scientific and technical information relating to the development and application of chemistry for peaceful purposes.
Code: Open exchange

-----
Total (ordered by frequency):
- Positive use: 6
- Sustainability/environment: 3
- Law-abiding: 2
- Open exchange: 2
- Oversight: 2
- Education: 1
- Fairness/respect: 1
- Freedom: 1
- Advance knowledge: 1
- Reporting: 1
- Safety: 1
- Honesty: 0
- Advising: 0
- Respectability: 0
- Conflict of interest: 0